Check if your pc has Python (version 2 or 3), and MySQL

1.) Open Terminal/Command Prompt
2.) Type on command line to check for Python,
	on Windows: py --version
	on Ubuntu: python --version

3.) Type on command line to check for MySQL,
	on any OS: mysql -V

4.) Check if Tkinter is installed on your system
	on Linux (python 3): sudo apt-get install python3-tk
	on Linux (python 2.7): sudo apt-get install python-tk 

	Some Linux distributions comes with yum installer that can install tkinter module using the command:

	yum install tkinter

	Run the ff command and if the command executes withous errors:
	python 3: import tkinter as tk
	python 2.7: import Tkinter as tk 

	If you are using Windows or MacOS, Tkinter already comes pre-installed with the Python Installer

5.) If you have successfully checked or installed all the prerequisites, you may now start the create your database.
	Start by opening a Terminal/Command Prompt. Then type in the path to the folder named "database" on the project folder.
		Ex. For Windows, if the project is saved on the Desktop, "cd Desktop/Family-Oriented-Medical-Record/database"
	Once you have opened a terminal/command prompt with its path on the "database" folder, you may open MySQL. 
	On the MySQL, type in the command, "source medicalrecord.sql" to create the database for the medical record system. 
	The sql file can be found in the database folder. Inside the file are queries to create the database and the tables needed by the system.
	after running the query, the database should be created.

6.) Open the python file named "medicalrecord.py". On line 5944, enter the username you are using on MySQL. On line 5945, enter the password for your MySQL (if any).
	Remember to check if the credentials entered on the username and password field are correct, or else MySQL will refuse the connection to the app.

7.) Open another terminal/command prompt and set the path on the main project folder. Once finished, run the python file.
	On windows: py medicalrecord.py
	On Ubuntu (python 3): python3 medicalrecord.py
	On Ubuntu (python 2.7): python medicalrecord.py

	The program will execute without errors if the database is propely set-up and the modules needed are installed (see README.md on the project folder)

8.) The system will start on the Landing Page. Here, there are two options: Continue or Add a new Patient. 
	If you have a patient currently existing on your database, use the drop down menu to select the patient then click "Continue"